README.md, before:

# Config to get things working the way I want them to

This repo includes a bunch of scripts to help me setup computers how I want them.  There are scripts for a new box to install relevant programs.  In addition there are script to set up dot files and other config. This config can either be cloned and linked locally or a one off install (e.g. working on a remote box). 

As of Nov 2019 my usual setup is linux laptop with Ubuntu 18 and Gnome desktop.  Usually use a combination of tmux/vim.

The docs are ok ish - I know what I need at various stages and have tried to detail it here but I'm guessing that most of the setup will only be relevant to me so full docs and comments are kinda lite.  Feel free to message me if you have questions about how anything works.

## Applications
When setting up a new computer you often need to install many things.  These scripts install most of the programs you might need such as git, ruby, mysql etc.

If on a mac then you will want to install brew and it's dependencies
- `./bin/install-brew-packages.sh`

If on linux:
- `./bin/install-linux.sh`
- `./bin/install-linux-apps.sh`


## Config

### Working Locally
Working locally I clone this repo - the install scripts symlink all the releavant files which means if I make any config updates they are reflected in the repo and can be commited and saved. 

- clone repo `git clone git@github.com:mikemjharris/config.git`
- `cd config`
- ./bin/local-install.sh

### Remote Box
On remote box you might not want to clone and do a full symlinking etc. as this requires setting up ssh keys etc.
This script will do a one off copy of tmux/vim/bash config on a remote box (or anywhere). 
```
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mikemjharris/config/master/bin/install.sh" | bash -e
```

## VS Code
Just started using VS code and wanted a backup of extensions.  To install extensions on a new computer:
`cat ./conf/code-extensions.txt | xargs -n 1 code --install-extension`
To backup this (or similar):
`code --list-extensions >> ./conf/code-extensions.txt` 

Also run:
`ln -s ./conf/settings.json ~/.config/Code/User/settings.json`

### **Notes - Other useful applications**
Most applications are installed in above scripts - these are some others that I find interestings - this is pretty old now
as mainly using linux apps rather than mac
- http://lightheadsw.com/caffeine/  - prevent computer from sleeping - useful for presentations  
- http://www.irradiatedsoftware.com/sizeup/  - mac window manager  
- https://www.gimp.org/downloads/ - gimp for designing stuff

Commit message:

docs(instructions for wsl setup)

README.md, after:

# Config to get things working the way I want them to

This repo includes a bunch of scripts to help me setup computers how I want them.  There are scripts for a new box to install relevant programs.  In addition there are script to set up dot files and other config. This config can either be cloned and linked locally or a one off install (e.g. working on a remote box). 

As of Nov 2019 my usual setup is linux laptop with Ubuntu 18 and Gnome desktop.  Usually use a combination of tmux/vim.

The docs are ok ish - I know what I need at various stages and have tried to detail it here but I'm guessing that most of the setup will only be relevant to me so full docs and comments are kinda lite.  Feel free to message me if you have questions about how anything works.

## Applications
When setting up a new computer you often need to install many things.  These scripts install most of the programs you might need such as git, ruby, mysql etc.

If on a mac then you will want to install brew and it's dependencies
- `./bin/install-brew-packages.sh`

If on linux:
- `./bin/install-linux.sh`
- `./bin/install-linux-apps.sh`


## Config

### Working Locally
Working locally I clone this repo - the install scripts symlink all the releavant files which means if I make any config updates they are reflected in the repo and can be commited and saved. 

- clone repo `git clone git@github.com:mikemjharris/config.git`
- `cd config`
- ./bin/local-install.sh

### Remote Box
On remote box you might not want to clone and do a full symlinking etc. as this requires setting up ssh keys etc.
This script will do a one off copy of tmux/vim/bash config on a remote box (or anywhere). 
```
curl -fsSL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mikemjharris/config/master/bin/install.sh" | bash -e
```
### WSL - windows subsystem for Linux
Most of this setup should work as it does for a standard ubuntu setup. A few things to note:
- Use Windows Terminal not Windows console (it solves many font and display issues)
- My normal setup mixes dark mode in the terminal with light in vim - the terminal seems to force the same colour in all situations. As such I've set a light theme for the terminal - see `robbyrussell-light.zsh-theme` for instructions.

## VS Code
Just started using VS code and wanted a backup of extensions.  To install extensions on a new computer:
`cat ./conf/code-extensions.txt | xargs -n 1 code --install-extension`
To backup this (or similar):
`code --list-extensions >> ./conf/code-extensions.txt` 

Also run:
`ln -s ./conf/settings.json ~/.config/Code/User/settings.json`

### **Notes - Other useful applications**
Most applications are installed in above scripts - these are some others that I find interestings - this is pretty old now
as mainly using linux apps rather than mac
- http://lightheadsw.com/caffeine/  - prevent computer from sleeping - useful for presentations  
- http://www.irradiatedsoftware.com/sizeup/  - mac window manager  
- https://www.gimp.org/downloads/ - gimp for designing stuff
